okay so here is a little robe they came
with the kit rope
they say wrapping around the screwdriver
handle tying on the end and try to pull
started problem is number one the handle
sucks
number two ropes too short
I got to lean over the engine bay or
over the motor well two to pull and I
can't get good leverage on it so I made
me rope monkey fist on the end little
double knot right there so I've got two
to pull points and I made it longer and
the chorus I'm out in the end so I'm
gonna go ahead and give this a shot and
see what happens
the procedure is the fuel bulb turn the
key on and you'll hear the motor warning
buzzer buzzer but the what I'm listening
for it the fuel pump has to run on the
motor when I kick the key up and fuel
pump is running shut off I got the muffs
down there so one wrap around and hold
four inches or something shorter might
be better I might have just enough so
here we go
okay let's try it again this time
without talking in the middle I can keep
some tension on this
and we'll give it a shot here Oh almost
No
all right we go Oh almost
noises trim tabs
here we go and it's really
so it can't be done but you're gonna
you're gonna need a bit of room
so comparison between the factory
supplied robe the one I made this will
now go in the tool box one emergency
starting kit monkey fist is just a
little loose I need to tighten that up a
little keep that from coming apart
anyways there you go